source/_alumniweekend/2023/02-alumni-week-events.md, before:

---
title: Events Schedule
description: 'Alumni Week 2023 events and register for your events'
layout: page
category: aw-2023
order: 2
og-image: "https://alumniweekend.ucsc.edu/assets/images/2023/og-image.jpg"

published: true

thursday: 
  - title: '<a id="featured-1"></a>Class of ’73 Virtual Kick-Off<br/>How We’re Still Changing the World'
    location: Virtual
    description: '<p class="event-description">As the Class of ’73 celebrates its 50th anniversary, classmates will come together to reflect on how they are still changing the world. Hear and share about how the Class of ’73 has been at the forefront of progress over the past 50 years. Come celebrate the transformative impact of fellow classmates and colleagues.</p>'
    time: "5:30 - 7:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 13
  - title: "<a href='https://confrontingclimatechange.ucsc.edu/index.html'>Confronting Climate Change Conference</a><br/>Heat! Climate Change and Human Health"
    location: "Seymour Center (Virtual Option)"
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join this discussion about the health effects of climate change. Presenters will discuss the social and economic transformations that will be required in order to address the health impacts of climate change. Together we will think about how climate change might inspire us to work towards a more livable future.</p><p class="event-description">You will hear from <a href="https://confrontingclimatechange.ucsc.edu/program/speakers.html">esteemed panel speakers</a>: Julie Livingston, New York University; Matthew Huber, Purdue University; and Bharat Venkat, UC Los Angeles. The event will be moderated by Andrew Mathews, UC Santa Cruz.</p>'
    time: "6:00 - 7:30 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 13
friday:
  - title: 'Reception at McHenry Library'
    location: McHenry Library, Gabriel Zimmerman Library Administrative Suite, Room 4221
    description: 'We cordially invite you to a reception to celebrate and reminisce with old friends and start your Alumni Reunion Weekend. This is an opportunity to meet University Librarian Elizabeth Cowell, as well as other senior campus leadership, and connect with your former classmates. We will have a wonderful selection of photos from the Pictures and Progress: the Black Panther 1966-2016 exhibit, part of the Campus’ incredible <a href="https://news.ucsc.edu/2016/10/jones-baruch-gift.html">Pirkle Jones and Ruth-Marion Baruch collection</a>, on display. Every guest will receive a complimentary copy of the popular book <a href="https://exhibits.library.ucsc.edu/exhibits/show/seeds/home">Seeds of Something Different: An Oral History of the University of California, Santa Cruz</a>, which weaves together first-person accounts of the campus’s evolution, from the origins of an audacious dream through the sea changes of five decades.'
    time: "4:30 - 5:30 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 14
  - title: '<a id="featured-2"></a>50+ Class Reunion Celebration'
    location: Stevenson Events Center
    description: '<p class="event-description"><em>Celebrating and honoring our Golden Slug alumni from the classes of 1965-1973.</em></p><p class="event-description">This is the weekend’s main event where alumni from graduating classes 1965 to 1973 will gather together to celebrate their milestone reunion. Alumni will be presented with the distinct recognition for their part in the history of UC Santa Cruz.</p><p class="event-description">The evening will bring us together to remember our history, celebrate what we have done, and enjoy who we are today. Chancellor Larive will recognize UCSC’s Golden Slug Alumni for their historical contributions to the university’s foundation, for the path they helped forge for more than 140,000 students, and for their contributions to the university and the world.</p><p class="event-description">Come enjoy each other’s company, hors d’oeuvres, beverages, wine, beer, music, great conversations, photos from your student days on campus, and a moment to remember classmates.</p><p class="event-description">Join this special event as we celebrate you and your part in the first decade of UCSC.</p>'
    time: "6:00 - 9:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 14

saturday:
  - title: "Coffee in the Cowell Courtyard"
    location: Cowell College Courtyard
    description: '<p class="event-description">This long standing tradition of enjoying coffee in the Cowell Courtyard to start the day with friends and a spectacular view continues. Join this informal gathering of alumni with coffee and Ferrell’s Donuts.</p>'
    time: "8:30 - 10:00 am"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Guided Birding Walk"
    location: UCSC Arboretum
    description: '<p class="event-description">Enjoy a gentle, guided birding walk for alumni and students with Stevenson Provost Matt O’Hara on a gentle, guided birding walk at the UCSC Arboretum. A UCSC Naturalist will lead the walk. Come to connect and reconnect as you enjoy the beauty of our campus.and UCSC Naturalist.</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Connecting with Friends and Families at Cowell College"
    location: Eloise Pickard Smith Gallery at Cowell College
    description: '<p class="event-description">Reception to celebrate alumni, students and Cowell affiliated families while honoring the opening of the spring exhibit with Robert Chiarito (Cowell ’70) and Richard Deutch (Cowell ’76).</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Crown College: The Trivial & The Consequential"
    location: Crown Provost House
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join the provost in his home for breakfast and an entertaining morning of memories. Crown lecturer and radio host, Tim Fitzmaurice, will lead attendees on an interactive trip down memory lane. He will offer alumni the opportunity to have their memories and thoughts of Crown College recorded for presentation on his local radio show. A continental breakfast will be served. </p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Then and Now Rolling Tours of UCSC"
    location: Meet in the Cowell Circle 
    description: '<p class="event-description">Hop aboard and join Larry Pageler (Crown, ’77) on a driving tour of campus to learn campus history, explore what is new and reminisce about our time as students. After graduation, Larry worked on campus from 1983-2019 and became the Director of Transportation and Parking Services in 1990. He has been deeply involved in the last three Long Range Development Plans and well versed in campus history.</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 1:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Enjoy one of these lunch options"
    location: View description for location
    description: '<ul class="event-description"><li><strong>Lunch in one of the dining halls (included with your registration fee):</strong><ul><li>Cowell/Stevenson Dining Hall</li><li>Porter/Kresge Dining Hall</li><li>College 9/John R. Lewis Dining Hall</li></ul></li><li><strong>Food Trucks</strong> at the Athletics and Recreation Center (formerly OPERS) are available. Attendees are responsible for this additional cost. </li><li><strong>Iveta Cafe</strong>, a coffee and sandwich shop is located in Quarry Plaza. Attendees are responsible for this additional cost. </li><li><strong>Crown Parker Luncheon</strong><p>Crown/Merrill Dining Hall 
Buffet<br/> lunch will be served as we honor this year’s Pricilla Parker Scholarship Awardees. Through the love and dedication of her friends, The Pricilla Parker Scholarship was established and continues to be offered in memory of Crown Pioneer student, Pricilla Parker, who passed away in her freshman year.</p>
</li></ul>'
    time: "12:00 - 1:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15 
  - title: '<a id="featured-4"></a>Then and Now Rolling Tours of UCSC'
    location: Meet in the Cowell Circle
    description: '<p class="event-description">Hop aboard and join Larry Pageler (Crown, ’77) on a driving tour of campus to learn campus history, explore what is new and reminisce about our time as students. After graduation, Larry worked on campus from 1983-2019 and became the Director of Transportation and Parking Services in 1990. He has been deeply involved in the last three Long Range Development Plans and well versed in campus history.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "First Impressions: New Students to a Newish University"
    location: 'Page Smith Library at Cowell College (Virtual Option)'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Does anyone remember the ping pong table and coffee pot in the Cowell Coffee shop? Alumni will discuss their first impressions of UCSC and Santa Cruz. Join us for conversations and reminiscing about our time as students and how UCSC impacted our lives. Reconnect with each other while soaking in a place we once called home. <em>Libations will be provided.</em></p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Lecture on Indigenous History"
    location: 'Stevenson College Library'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join us for light refreshments and a lecture with Professor Martin Martinez. He will speak about local Indigenous History. Professor Martinez’s work focuses on Indigenous histories, politics, and stories from 19th Century California emphasizing Indigenous politics of survival and perseverance by centering stories on Indigenous peoples.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Crown Celebration!"
    location: 'Crown/Merrill Dining Hall'
    description: '<p class="event-description">A true celebration of Crown College past and present! Current Crown students will be presenting: a performance of the play RUR, reading of the winning Crown SciFi Writing Contest stories, showing of winning CRWN01 videos, and more. Extensive opportunities for interaction and Q&A.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "The John Dizikes Concert "
    location: 'Cowell Provost House'
    description: "<p class='event-description'>With an unbeatable view of the Monterey Bay, come join us at the Cowell Provost House for music, conversation, and libations. We will be closing out a day full of reaffirming past friendships and forging new ones while indulging in one of John Dizike's passions; music.</p>"
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Reception at the Stevenson Provost House"
    location: 'Stevenson College Provost House'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Stevensonians are invited to come by, check out the Provost House, and say hi to Provost Matt O’Hara. We will honor our alumni celebrating their 50th plus reunion milestone providing an opportunity for alumni to reconnect and reminisce about the impact UCSC had on their lives. Please join us for good conversation and afternoon refreshments.</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Merrill: Past & Future"
    location: 'Merrill College Provost House'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Wine and cheese reception. Curating Merrill’s recent history. Unveiling the new Provost. Showcasing recent student work.</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Kresge Alumni Wine & Cheese Reception"
    location: 'Kresge Piazzetta'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Kresge College will host a wine and cheese reception for alumni to share their memories and wisdom with the Kresge community as we build a vibrant future for the college!</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15

permalink: /alumniweekend/2023/events

---
{: .underline}
# {{ page.title }}

## **Thursday, April 13, 2023**

{% for thursday in page.thursday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ thursday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ thursday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ thursday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ thursday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Thursday, Apr 13 at {{ thursday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ thursday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}



## **Friday, April 14, 2023**

{% for friday in page.friday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ friday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ friday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ friday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ friday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Friday, Apr 14 at {{ friday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ friday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}

<a id="featured-3"></a>

## **Saturday, April 15, 2023**

{% for saturday in page.saturday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ saturday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ saturday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ saturday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ saturday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Saturday, Apr 15 at {{ saturday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ saturday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}

**While on campus, [check-out these additional offerings](/alumniweekend/2023/other-things)**.

<style>
  .event-description {
    font-size: 16px;
  }
</style>

Commit message:

chore: Porter Sesnon Gallery event

source/_alumniweekend/2023/02-alumni-week-events.md, after:

---
title: Events Schedule
description: 'Alumni Week 2023 events and register for your events'
layout: page
category: aw-2023
order: 2
og-image: "https://alumniweekend.ucsc.edu/assets/images/2023/og-image.jpg"

published: true

thursday: 
  - title: '<a id="featured-1"></a>Class of ’73 Virtual Kick-Off<br/>How We’re Still Changing the World'
    location: Virtual
    description: '<p class="event-description">As the Class of ’73 celebrates its 50th anniversary, classmates will come together to reflect on how they are still changing the world. Hear and share about how the Class of ’73 has been at the forefront of progress over the past 50 years. Come celebrate the transformative impact of fellow classmates and colleagues.</p>'
    time: "5:30 - 7:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 13
  - title: "<a href='https://confrontingclimatechange.ucsc.edu/index.html'>Confronting Climate Change Conference</a><br/>Heat! Climate Change and Human Health"
    location: "Seymour Center (Virtual Option)"
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join this discussion about the health effects of climate change. Presenters will discuss the social and economic transformations that will be required in order to address the health impacts of climate change. Together we will think about how climate change might inspire us to work towards a more livable future.</p><p class="event-description">You will hear from <a href="https://confrontingclimatechange.ucsc.edu/program/speakers.html">esteemed panel speakers</a>: Julie Livingston, New York University; Matthew Huber, Purdue University; and Bharat Venkat, UC Los Angeles. The event will be moderated by Andrew Mathews, UC Santa Cruz.</p>'
    time: "6:00 - 7:30 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 13
friday:
  - title: 'Reception at McHenry Library'
    location: McHenry Library, Gabriel Zimmerman Library Administrative Suite, Room 4221
    description: 'We cordially invite you to a reception to celebrate and reminisce with old friends and start your Alumni Reunion Weekend. This is an opportunity to meet University Librarian Elizabeth Cowell, as well as other senior campus leadership, and connect with your former classmates. We will have a wonderful selection of photos from the Pictures and Progress: the Black Panther 1966-2016 exhibit, part of the Campus’ incredible <a href="https://news.ucsc.edu/2016/10/jones-baruch-gift.html">Pirkle Jones and Ruth-Marion Baruch collection</a>, on display. Every guest will receive a complimentary copy of the popular book <a href="https://exhibits.library.ucsc.edu/exhibits/show/seeds/home">Seeds of Something Different: An Oral History of the University of California, Santa Cruz</a>, which weaves together first-person accounts of the campus’s evolution, from the origins of an audacious dream through the sea changes of five decades.'
    time: "4:30 - 5:30 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 14
  - title: '<a id="featured-2"></a>50+ Class Reunion Celebration'
    location: Stevenson Events Center
    description: '<p class="event-description"><em>Celebrating and honoring our Golden Slug alumni from the classes of 1965-1973.</em></p><p class="event-description">This is the weekend’s main event where alumni from graduating classes 1965 to 1973 will gather together to celebrate their milestone reunion. Alumni will be presented with the distinct recognition for their part in the history of UC Santa Cruz.</p><p class="event-description">The evening will bring us together to remember our history, celebrate what we have done, and enjoy who we are today. Chancellor Larive will recognize UCSC’s Golden Slug Alumni for their historical contributions to the university’s foundation, for the path they helped forge for more than 140,000 students, and for their contributions to the university and the world.</p><p class="event-description">Come enjoy each other’s company, hors d’oeuvres, beverages, wine, beer, music, great conversations, photos from your student days on campus, and a moment to remember classmates.</p><p class="event-description">Join this special event as we celebrate you and your part in the first decade of UCSC.</p>'
    time: "6:00 - 9:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 14

saturday:
  - title: "Coffee in the Cowell Courtyard"
    location: Cowell College Courtyard
    description: '<p class="event-description">This long standing tradition of enjoying coffee in the Cowell Courtyard to start the day with friends and a spectacular view continues. Join this informal gathering of alumni with coffee and Ferrell’s Donuts.</p>'
    time: "8:30 - 10:00 am"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Guided Birding Walk"
    location: UCSC Arboretum
    description: '<p class="event-description">Enjoy a gentle, guided birding walk for alumni and students with Stevenson Provost Matt O’Hara on a gentle, guided birding walk at the UCSC Arboretum. A UCSC Naturalist will lead the walk. Come to connect and reconnect as you enjoy the beauty of our campus.and UCSC Naturalist.</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Connecting with Friends and Families at Cowell College"
    location: Eloise Pickard Smith Gallery at Cowell College
    description: '<p class="event-description">Reception to celebrate alumni, students and Cowell affiliated families while honoring the opening of the spring exhibit with Robert Chiarito (Cowell ’70) and Richard Deutch (Cowell ’76).</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Crown College: The Trivial & The Consequential"
    location: Crown Provost House
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join the provost in his home for breakfast and an entertaining morning of memories. Crown lecturer and radio host, Tim Fitzmaurice, will lead attendees on an interactive trip down memory lane. He will offer alumni the opportunity to have their memories and thoughts of Crown College recorded for presentation on his local radio show. A continental breakfast will be served. </p>'
    time: "10:00 - 12:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Then and Now Rolling Tours of UCSC"
    location: Meet in the Cowell Circle 
    description: '<p class="event-description">Hop aboard and join Larry Pageler (Crown, ’77) on a driving tour of campus to learn campus history, explore what is new and reminisce about our time as students. After graduation, Larry worked on campus from 1983-2019 and became the Director of Transportation and Parking Services in 1990. He has been deeply involved in the last three Long Range Development Plans and well versed in campus history.</p>'
    time: "10:00 - 1:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Enjoy one of these lunch options"
    location: View description for location
    description: '<ul class="event-description"><li><strong>Lunch in one of the dining halls (included with your registration fee):</strong><ul><li>Cowell/Stevenson Dining Hall</li><li>Porter/Kresge Dining Hall</li><li>College 9/John R. Lewis Dining Hall</li></ul></li><li><strong>Food Trucks</strong> at the Athletics and Recreation Center (formerly OPERS) are available. Attendees are responsible for this additional cost. </li><li><strong>Iveta Cafe</strong>, a coffee and sandwich shop is located in Quarry Plaza. Attendees are responsible for this additional cost. </li><li><strong>Crown Parker Luncheon</strong><p>Crown/Merrill Dining Hall 
Buffet<br/> lunch will be served as we honor this year’s Pricilla Parker Scholarship Awardees. Through the love and dedication of her friends, The Pricilla Parker Scholarship was established and continues to be offered in memory of Crown Pioneer student, Pricilla Parker, who passed away in her freshman year.</p>
</li></ul>'
    time: "12:00 - 1:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15 
  - title: '<a id="featured-4"></a>Then and Now Rolling Tours of UCSC'
    location: Meet in the Cowell Circle
    description: '<p class="event-description">Hop aboard and join Larry Pageler (Crown, ’77) on a driving tour of campus to learn campus history, explore what is new and reminisce about our time as students. After graduation, Larry worked on campus from 1983-2019 and became the Director of Transportation and Parking Services in 1990. He has been deeply involved in the last three Long Range Development Plans and well versed in campus history.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "First Impressions: New Students to a Newish University"
    location: 'Page Smith Library at Cowell College (Virtual Option)'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Does anyone remember the ping pong table and coffee pot in the Cowell Coffee shop? Alumni will discuss their first impressions of UCSC and Santa Cruz. Join us for conversations and reminiscing about our time as students and how UCSC impacted our lives. Reconnect with each other while soaking in a place we once called home. <em>Libations will be provided.</em></p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Lecture on Indigenous History"
    location: 'Stevenson College Library'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Join us for light refreshments and a lecture with Professor Martin Martinez. He will speak about local Indigenous History. Professor Martinez’s work focuses on Indigenous histories, politics, and stories from 19th Century California emphasizing Indigenous politics of survival and perseverance by centering stories on Indigenous peoples.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Crown Celebration!"
    location: 'Crown/Merrill Dining Hall'
    description: '<p class="event-description">A true celebration of Crown College past and present! Current Crown students will be presenting: a performance of the play RUR, reading of the winning Crown SciFi Writing Contest stories, showing of winning CRWN01 videos, and more. Extensive opportunities for interaction and Q&A.</p>'
    time: "1:00 - 3:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Alumni Reception at the Porter Sesnon Gallery of Remove by X: UC Santa Cruz Arts Ephemera from the 20th Century"
    location: 'Porter Sesnon Gallery'
    description: "Join us for a special gallery reception of our current exhibition at the Sesnon Galleries, hosted by Keith Muscutt, Assistant Dean of the Arts from 1978-2007. Since the days of the pioneer Slugs, Keith has been collecting paper announcements posted around campus, amassing an archive of thousands of posters and flyers for art happenings come and gone. Come have a drink and reconnect with fellow alumni against the backdrop of a selection of Keith's archive, celebrating the vibrancy of the arts at UC Santa Cruz."
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "The John Dizikes Concert "
    location: 'Cowell Provost House'
    description: "<p class='event-description'>With an unbeatable view of the Monterey Bay, come join us at the Cowell Provost House for music, conversation, and libations. We will be closing out a day full of reaffirming past friendships and forging new ones while indulging in one of John Dizike's passions; music.</p>"
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Reception at the Stevenson Provost House"
    location: 'Stevenson College Provost House'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Stevensonians are invited to come by, check out the Provost House, and say hi to Provost Matt O’Hara. We will honor our alumni celebrating their 50th plus reunion milestone providing an opportunity for alumni to reconnect and reminisce about the impact UCSC had on their lives. Please join us for good conversation and afternoon refreshments.</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Merrill: Past & Future"
    location: 'Merrill College Provost House'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Wine and cheese reception. Curating Merrill’s recent history. Unveiling the new Provost. Showcasing recent student work.</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15
  - title: "Kresge Alumni Wine & Cheese Reception"
    location: 'Kresge Piazzetta'
    description: '<p class="event-description">Kresge College will host a wine and cheese reception for alumni to share their memories and wisdom with the Kresge community as we build a vibrant future for the college!</p>'
    time: "3:00 - 5:00 pm"
    month: "Apr"
    date: 15

permalink: /alumniweekend/2023/events

---
{: .underline}
# {{ page.title }}

## **Thursday, April 13, 2023**

{% for thursday in page.thursday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ thursday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ thursday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ thursday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ thursday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Thursday, Apr 13 at {{ thursday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ thursday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}



## **Friday, April 14, 2023**

{% for friday in page.friday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ friday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ friday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ friday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ friday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Friday, Apr 14 at {{ friday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ friday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}

<a id="featured-3"></a>

## **Saturday, April 15, 2023**

{% for saturday in page.saturday %}
<div class="events-card">
  <div class="events-card-content">
    <div class="date">
        <div class="month">{{ saturday.month }}</div>
        <div class="day">{{ saturday.date }}</div>
    </div>
    <div class="inner">
      <div class="card-content">
          <a id="featured-1"></a><h4 class="header">{{ saturday.title }}</h4>
          <p class="event-description">{{ saturday.description }}</p>
          <div class="tags">
              <span class="topics-title">
                  <div class="time">
                      <i class="fa fa-clock-o turquiose-text"></i> Saturday, Apr 15 at {{ saturday.time }}
                  </div>
                  <div class="location">
                      <i class="fa fa-map-marker turquiose-text"></i> {{ saturday.location }}
                  </div>
              </span>
          </div>
      </div>
    </div>   
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
{% endfor %}

**While on campus, [check-out these additional offerings](/alumniweekend/2023/other-things)**.

<style>
  .event-description {
    font-size: 16px;
  }
</style>
